elapor.application.com.elapor:xml/network_security_config = 0x7f120000
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f10012a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1001c8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f100093
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f1000dd
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f11004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/CardView = 0x7f110016
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioKepadaPiketMalam = 0x7f0900f2
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f110048
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/filled = 0x7f090091
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f1001d6
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/tahanan = 0x7f090145
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f100099
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1001f0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Media = 0x7f100123
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/delete_32 = 0x7f0800a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f1000cb
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f10010f
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f110027
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f090166
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f100193
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f11000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/olive = 0x7f0600ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f0f0049
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f110024
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1001bb
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/login_sign_up = 0x7f0f0079
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f0f0026
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f100161
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f110025
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoBoldItalic = 0x7f090105
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f1001f1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f10003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioGroupDariRegu = 0x7f0900ee
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f080032
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_nama_peserta = 0x7f0f0059
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/Themes = 0x7f11004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f10014d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f10006e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f100064
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1001f8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1000a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f100169
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f11000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f100188
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f10010d
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/notification_material_background_media_default_color = 0x7f0600aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f100184
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f1001fe
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f10001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f1001f5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1001ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/toolbarbg = 0x7f08015d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f1001ee
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_sertifikat_ti_tanggal_lahir = 0x7f0f0036
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f100115
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f0f0021
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f1001ed
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f110042
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selectorColor = 0x7f040174
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f100111
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f07003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f0700aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f1001ec
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/name = 0x7f0900cd
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f110020
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_setup_ujian_title = 0x7f0f003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f1001e9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f1001e7
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1000a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/share = 0x7f08014b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1000c1
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_hosinsul = 0x7f0f0055
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f0f004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_caption_material = 0x7f0f000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f04001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/side_nav_bar = 0x7f08014f
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/RobotoTextView = 0x7f110039
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_poomsae = 0x7f0f005d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f100031
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow = 0x7f0c003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f100035
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000d7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f08015f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f1001e8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AndroidImageSlider_Magnifier_Oval_Black = 0x7f100004
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1001d2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1001c4
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f070042
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1001cb
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0c0006
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f1000ee
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1001c5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f10012b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f10009d
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/SliderLayout = 0x7f11003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f10019a
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f11004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1000aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f08003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f110046
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10016d
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f110034
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1000c5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1001c2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10016f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f100197
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1001b7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/send_32 = 0x7f080148
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f10018c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1001cd
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f11000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/write_arrow = 0x7f08016e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f10017b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000db
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/SYM = 0x7f090010
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f1001ff
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/masked = 0x7f0900c1
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/counter_bg = 0x7f080092
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f080025
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/default_center_top_indicator = 0x7f09005e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f100189
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f10017e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1000dc
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f100177
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/peserta_hasil_ujian_title = 0x7f0f0094
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f0400ed
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f10003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f040197
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f10017c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f040189
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/global_color_green_primary_dark = 0x7f06006b
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f110030
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f11000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f100187
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f090144
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/center_vertical = 0x7f090044
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f100172
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1000ae
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/folder_brown = 0x7f0800c1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000d9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1001b0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f10016a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/openstatusbg = 0x7f08011e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/showCustom = 0x7f09012e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1000ec
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/end_padder = 0x7f090087
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/oil = 0x7f0600ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f100195
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f100006
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/src_over = 0x7f09013a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f1000ef
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f10011c
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f11003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/radioblack = 0x7f08012b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f100034
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1001e0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f1001cf
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/back = 0x7f080063
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f110015
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f09001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f10015c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f100157
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100077
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100153
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10014a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1000b5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100149
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f0700c4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f100032
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_perawat = 0x7f09007c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f100147
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f10011a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f100140
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100166
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f1000e8
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/RangeBar = 0x7f110036
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f10015b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1001b2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1000bf
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f10013b
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/reset_password = 0x7f0f0096
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1001f7
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f11001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f070017
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1001fd
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f100135
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0c001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/success_32 = 0x7f080154
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f100134
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f100133
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100168
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f100017
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1001b9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f1001d8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f100131
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/fav2 = 0x7f0800be
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/coupontag = 0x7f080093
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1001a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f100103
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f10018d
elapor.application.com.elapor:menu/menu_detail_wasit = 0x7f0d0002
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f110028
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f11001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0c0035
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f10012c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f10016b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_disabled = 0x7f060090
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/title = 0x7f08015c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f04007f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f100129
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f100128
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/no_reg = 0x7f0f0088
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_star_black_48dp = 0x7f080028
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0c0034
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f070046
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f10011e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1000c8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f08010f
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f0f008c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_sertifikat_ti_title = 0x7f0f0038
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f090023
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f100107
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/selected = 0x7f09012c
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/toolbar_activity_add_laporan_serahterima = 0x7f0c004f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f1000f6
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f1000f5
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/signup_photo = 0x7f0f00a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f100101
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f1000f4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f100138
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f1001f4
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f110032
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1000ed
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f100190
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/Chip = 0x7f110017
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f1000d8
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1000d4
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_unit = 0x7f0f0060
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f070087
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f070031
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1000d3
elapor.application.com.elapor:menu/menu_daftar_member = 0x7f0d0000
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1001f9
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/nilai = 0x7f0f0085
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/scrollable = 0x7f09011f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/MySpinnerDatePickerStyle = 0x7f1000ce
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/MySpinnerDatePicker = 0x7f1000cd
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f0700db
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/HomeButton = 0x7f1000cc
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/CardView = 0x7f1000c9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1001c0
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f07006d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f100094
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1000c2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10014b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080004
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/btn_lightblue = 0x7f080075
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1000c0
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0a000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/start_record = 0x7f080150
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f08002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f100024
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1000bc
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/menu_referee_title = 0x7f0f007d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1000b9
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f08001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1000b0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1001ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/oval = 0x7f0900d9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1000a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f100136
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f100139
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_plate = 0x7f090127
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1000a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f09008f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f10009a
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f0f0063
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f100096
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/booking = 0x7f0f0046
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioDariReguB = 0x7f0900ea
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1001be
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f0f0042
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/subtitle_shadow_radius = 0x7f0700e1
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/search_btn_search = 0x7f0f0098
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f100092
elapor.application.com.elapor:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0e0002
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f100109
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100086
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f10002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100083
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f07005f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f100082
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100080
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f10007f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/ic_badge = 0x7f090099
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_text_input_password_icon = 0x7f0c002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/View = 0x7f11004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f0400fb
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/barLength = 0x7f040039
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0c0024
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f10007d
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0c003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f110012
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10007c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AppTheme.PopupOverlay = 0x7f10000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0002
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f10004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f10007a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100073
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/close_search = 0x7f08008c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_member_title = 0x7f0f0033
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/image = 0x7f09009e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f09014a
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f11004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/save = 0x7f090115
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f1001e2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100063
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/datepicker = 0x7f0800a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100062
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/registrasi = 0x7f080136
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_sertifikat_ti_nama = 0x7f0f0034
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f1000e9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f10005c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/text = 0x7f080157
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f06009d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f100041
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f10008b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10005a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/shoppy_logo = 0x7f08014e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/list_row_hover_start_color = 0x7f06007e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/multiply = 0x7f0900cb
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f100058
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f070057
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0c002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f07006b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f100049
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/Tablet = 0x7f090012
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/button_bg_round = 0x7f08007b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f100045
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100151
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/red = 0x7f0600b9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f100043
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1001af
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f100042
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f100171
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f100040
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f1000eb
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoBlack = 0x7f090100
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f10003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f100039
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f100038
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f10011f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f10000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title.Media = 0x7f100127
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/rect = 0x7f08012f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100154
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_subhead_material = 0x7f0f0012
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f080008
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1001ce
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f1001b5
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/back = 0x7f0f0043
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0c0026
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f10002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f1000fc
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f100026
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f100025
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f0401e5
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/global_color_primary_light = 0x7f06006d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f100023
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1001c1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/right_side = 0x7f0900ff
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f07002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100156
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f10001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f1001d7
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/hasil = 0x7f0f0068
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f070019
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f10001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f10001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f0400fe
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f040101
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f100015
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f100089
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f10002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AppTheme.NoActionBar = 0x7f10000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/booking_title = 0x7f0f0048
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100008
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f1001ca
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/checkBoxStyle = 0x7f100200
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100155
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f0f004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f11000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f110022
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f10002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f10007b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f100167
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/wasit_juri_title = 0x7f0f00ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f100071
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1001f3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1001a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioDariReguC = 0x7f0900eb
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f10010e
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/tandc = 0x7f0f00a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f1001eb
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f0f00a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f0800aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f09003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f10002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/signup_nama = 0x7f0f00a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/signin = 0x7f0f00a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_proses = 0x7f0f002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/sign_out = 0x7f0f00a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/setup_ujian_title = 0x7f0f009f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f10005d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_badge = 0x7f090120
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f0f009c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/save_image = 0x7f0f0097
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1000ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f100016
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/proses_pinjam = 0x7f0f0095
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f10013a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1000b7
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1001b1
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f0f0003
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f080031
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/StickyScrollView = 0x7f110043
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a0009
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f0700cd
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/periode = 0x7f0f0092
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f0f0064
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_no_urut = 0x7f0f005c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f08002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f0f008f
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f11003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f100084
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f100050
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/no_data_pinjam = 0x7f0f0087
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f110018
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100001
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f100097
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f110011
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/nilai_rata_rata = 0x7f0f0086
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_histori = 0x7f0f0054
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f0f0081
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_jenis_kelamin = 0x7f0f0056
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f100044
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100052
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/login_password = 0x7f0f0077
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/drawer_close = 0x7f0f0061
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100087
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0002
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f110003
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f0700eb
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f0f0069
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f110038
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10014f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f090137
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/listdata_alamat = 0x7f0f0072
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_transaksi = 0x7f0f0030
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f10017d
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/isi_laporan = 0x7f0f006d
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_kegiatan_title = 0x7f0f0032
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1001fa
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/text_title = 0x7f09014e
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/groups_nama_group = 0x7f0f0066
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_button = 0x7f090122
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/wishlish = 0x7f08016b
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/login_email = 0x7f0f0076
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1000fd
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/drawer_open = 0x7f0f0062
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f090026
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f100020
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_kyukpa = 0x7f0f0058
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f1000f3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f10011b
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_batas_lulus = 0x7f0f0051
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/alertTitle = 0x7f09002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/kegiatan_title = 0x7f0f006e
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_wasit_title = 0x7f0f003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f1000f8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f100148
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/denda_title = 0x7f0f004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f0f0007
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f0700e6
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/booking_list_title = 0x7f0f0047
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_media_cancel_action = 0x7f0c0037
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/menu_layouttopmargin = 0x7f070097
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/app_desc = 0x7f0f003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f090149
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1001dd
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f100036
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_sertifikat_title = 0x7f0f0039
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_setting = 0x7f0f002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/nav_header_height = 0x7f0700cb
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100060
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_search = 0x7f0f002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_kembali = 0x7f0f002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1001c6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/fail = 0x7f0800ba
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f070072
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_favorite = 0x7f0f002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f100106
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f060055
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/searchbg = 0x7f080147
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_edit = 0x7f0f002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_download = 0x7f0f0029
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100078
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100079
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f0f0023
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/snap = 0x7f090134
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f04019c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg1 = 0x7f080067
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1000a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f0f0020
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/title = 0x7f090153
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1001d3
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0016
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f10006b
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f0f0006
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_title_material = 0x7f0f0013
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_button_material = 0x7f0f000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f09005a
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f0f0002
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f0f0001
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1000a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f10001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/toolbar_activity_add_laporan_pelanggaran = 0x7f0c004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f09015d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/outline = 0x7f0900d8
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f09001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100088
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0c0049
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0c004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/render_type_default = 0x7f0c0045
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/chronometer = 0x7f09004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/line1 = 0x7f0900b8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/btn_red = 0x7f080079
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/alamat = 0x7f09002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0a0005
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/layout_ket_p2u = 0x7f0900b1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_keterangan_satops1 = 0x7f090075
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f100011
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f1001e6
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/pilih_gambar_dialog = 0x7f0c0044
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/search_lokasi = 0x7f0f009b
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/pelanggaran_item_list = 0x7f0c0043
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_lines_media = 0x7f0c003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/activity_menu = 0x7f0c001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0c003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/textinput_error = 0x7f090150
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/peng_prov = 0x7f0f0090
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/checkbox = 0x7f090045
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f11002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_big_media = 0x7f0c0038
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0033
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/media_actions = 0x7f0900c2
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/rounded = 0x7f080140
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f1000ea
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/indicator_layout = 0x7f0c0030
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/showTitle = 0x7f090130
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0023
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100005
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/activity_ambil_foto = 0x7f0c001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/serahterima_item_list = 0x7f0c004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1000b2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f100091
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioGroupDariPiket = 0x7f0900ed
elapor.application.com.elapor:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0e0000
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f1001ea
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1001b4
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0c001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f10001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f11001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/PagerIndicator = 0x7f110033
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_p2u = 0x7f09007a
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f0f001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0c0017
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1001b8
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/fixed = 0x7f090092
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0c0016
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/no_result = 0x7f0f0089
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0017
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0c0015
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0c0014
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f08001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/correct0 = 0x7f080091
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/fb = 0x7f0800bf
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/rangeBarPaddingBottom = 0x7f04015d
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0c0011
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0010
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f100030
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f07001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0c000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f070023
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0c000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/search_katakunci = 0x7f0f0099
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/txtFromGalley = 0x7f090160
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioDariReguA = 0x7f0900e9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f100137
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/enterAlways = 0x7f090088
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f10019f
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0c0008
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1000af
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1000d2
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0c0007
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0c0000
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f110014
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f100118
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/tabMode = 0x7f090141
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/fail_red = 0x7f0800bb
elapor.application.com.elapor:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0b0000
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0a000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f100173
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f100105
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/withText = 0x7f090168
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/keterangan_satops2 = 0x7f0900aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/upload = 0x7f090164
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/unlabeled = 0x7f090162
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f10013f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f09015a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/searchtext = 0x7f09012a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f100046
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/topPanel = 0x7f090158
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/toolbar = 0x7f090156
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f09001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f070038
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f0600c7
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/normal = 0x7f0900d3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f100162
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f100119
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/text_dialog = 0x7f09014c
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f110000
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f110006
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f080116
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/text2 = 0x7f090148
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/surfaceView = 0x7f090140
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/rectbrandbg = 0x7f080131
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/data_messages = 0x7f08009d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f080015
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f09013e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f100110
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060054
elapor.application.com.elapor:menu/menu_daftar_wasit = 0x7f0d0001
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f090067
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020005
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/spacer = 0x7f090136
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1001a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f1000f7
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/snapMargins = 0x7f090135
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/shortcut = 0x7f09012d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f090129
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/yes_32_white = 0x7f080170
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0700be
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_src_text = 0x7f090128
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f090125
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f10012e
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f110041
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_display_1_material = 0x7f0f000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/start = 0x7f09013b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f09011b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1000bd
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f110044
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_tanggal_lahir = 0x7f0f005f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/scroll = 0x7f09011a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/pasal = 0x7f0900de
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/screen = 0x7f090119
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f10009c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/rsud = 0x7f090111
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f06008b
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/pesan_title = 0x7f0f0093
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/setting_32 = 0x7f080149
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f10008d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f0700c9
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoThinItalic = 0x7f09010f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoThin = 0x7f09010e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AppTheme.AppBarOverlay = 0x7f10000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f11003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoLight = 0x7f090109
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/RotateUp = 0x7f09000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoItalic = 0x7f090108
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f1000e0
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoBoldCondensedItalic = 0x7f090104
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoMediumItalic = 0x7f09010c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/nama_peserta = 0x7f0f0084
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoBoldCondensed = 0x7f090103
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f1001d0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100165
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f08001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/buatlaporan = 0x7f09003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoBold = 0x7f090102
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/keterangan = 0x7f0900a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoBlackItalic = 0x7f090101
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f0f008b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/text_input_password_toggle = 0x7f09014d
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/rect = 0x7f0900fb
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioSimpanSebagaiPdf = 0x7f0900fa
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/btnRotate = 0x7f09003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioKepadaReguB = 0x7f0900f6
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f070074
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f10006f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioKepadaPiketSiang = 0x7f0900f4
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f110009
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioKepadaPiketPagi = 0x7f0900f3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10007e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f10003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f060057
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f10019d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioGroupSimpanSebagai = 0x7f0900f1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioGroupKepadaPiket = 0x7f0900ef
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f1000e3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioGroupKepadaRegu = 0x7f0900f0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1000d1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioDariReguD = 0x7f0900ec
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f0f001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f0900e4
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/DesignTheme = 0x7f11001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/Fade = 0x7f090008
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/pinMaxFont = 0x7f04014d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radio = 0x7f0900e5
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f090142
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_sertifikat_ti_tempat_lahir = 0x7f0f0037
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f100098
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/RotateDown = 0x7f09000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/progress_circular = 0x7f0900e3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f10008f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/notification_background = 0x7f0900d4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/showText = 0x7f04017a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/none = 0x7f0900d2
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/textlist = 0x7f0700e3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/never = 0x7f0900d1
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110021
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1001fc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f0900d0
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f110026
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/nama = 0x7f0900cc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f0900ca
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/menu_serahterima = 0x7f0900c5
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/pidana = 0x7f0900e1
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070030
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/menu_pengaduan = 0x7f0900c4
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/msg_token_fmt = 0x7f0f0080
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/mainContent = 0x7f0900c0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f100194
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f1001a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_categoty = 0x7f0800d5
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/button_material_light = 0x7f060039
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f0700b7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/homewhite = 0x7f0800d2
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_narapidana = 0x7f090079
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f100181
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/loading_bar = 0x7f0900bf
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/oneside_roundrect = 0x7f08011c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_sertifikat_ti_propinsi = 0x7f0f0035
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f100013
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/listview = 0x7f0900bd
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/boticoncolor = 0x7f06002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f0f0005
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/coins = 0x7f08008f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/listMode = 0x7f0900bb
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/list_item_title = 0x7f06007b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoCondensedItalic = 0x7f090107
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/layout_ket_rupam = 0x7f0900b3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f100067
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/dash_line = 0x7f080098
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/layout_ket_perawat = 0x7f0900b2
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/middle = 0x7f0900c7
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/largeLabel = 0x7f0900ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f1000e6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/rect1 = 0x7f080130
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/keterangan_rupam = 0x7f0900a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0c0019
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_basic_movement = 0x7f0f0050
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0015
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f100037
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f10018f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f09012b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/keterangan_kplp = 0x7f0900a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f040022
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f0400ca
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_query = 0x7f09007f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/info = 0x7f09009f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f040074
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/layout_ket_kplp = 0x7f0900b0
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f09002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/group_divider = 0x7f090096
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0a0004
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f09008a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1000ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f1001e3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/actions = 0x7f09002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f07007d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/open = 0x7f0900d7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f04000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_tahanan = 0x7f090085
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/tanggaljam = 0x7f090146
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f100113
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f090066
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/user1 = 0x7f080162
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_satops1 = 0x7f090083
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f090124
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/rupam = 0x7f090112
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/map_pin_orange = 0x7f0800f9
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/yes_32 = 0x7f08016f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_rupam = 0x7f090082
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_pidana = 0x7f09007e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f0400cb
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f10005b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f10019b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/satops2 = 0x7f090114
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/app_sign_in_desc = 0x7f0f003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f040024
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_keterangan_satops2 = 0x7f090076
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/radiouncheked = 0x7f08012d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f040031
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/ic_notification = 0x7f09009a
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0600b4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f100116
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1000be
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_blok = 0x7f09006d
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0022
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f11001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1001f6
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_alamat = 0x7f09006c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f090143
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f090065
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/logo = 0x7f04012a
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0c0028
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0019
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/default_center_top_right_indicator = 0x7f090060
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070052
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/groups_jumlah_nomer = 0x7f0f0065
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/default_center_bottom_indicator = 0x7f09005d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f080119
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0a0008
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f100199
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f0700e8
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f090059
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/login_bantuan = 0x7f0f0074
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoMedium = 0x7f09010b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f0900c9
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/daimajia_slider_viewpager = 0x7f090058
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/container = 0x7f090050
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f11001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f09004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/oto = 0x7f08011f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f100055
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/chkbox_satops2 = 0x7f09004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1001db
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/center = 0x7f090042
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/rectangle = 0x7f0900fc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/bottom = 0x7f090038
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/home = 0x7f090097
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f07001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/block_search = 0x7f090035
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/beginning = 0x7f090034
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/async = 0x7f090031
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoRegular = 0x7f09010d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/ZoomOut = 0x7f090014
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/always = 0x7f090030
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/add = 0x7f09002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f040156
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_text = 0x7f090029
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/btn_lightgray = 0x7f080076
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f090024
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/login_desc = 0x7f0f0075
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f04018a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1000f1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f09001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f040023
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f10004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action0 = 0x7f090016
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_menu_cart_notification = 0x7f0800da
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/ifRoom = 0x7f09009d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/stretch = 0x7f09013d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f10018b
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f110001
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/blue = 0x7f060028
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/ZoomOutSlide = 0x7f090015
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/Stack = 0x7f090011
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f04002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/chkbox_perawat = 0x7f090048
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/CTRL = 0x7f090003
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f10013c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/Accordion = 0x7f090001
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f0400b8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/wishlist_button = 0x7f08016c
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f06003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_media_custom = 0x7f0c0040
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/wait_32 = 0x7f080168
elapor.application.com.elapor:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0001
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/blok = 0x7f090037
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/thumb_location = 0x7f08015a
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0a0003
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_media = 0x7f0c003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/textarea = 0x7f080158
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/btn_search = 0x7f09003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f080112
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1000c3
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/rotate_camera = 0x7f080139
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/change_password = 0x7f080085
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f100152
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/sticky_shadow_default = 0x7f080151
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/shopping = 0x7f08014c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f100081
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f100186
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f04013b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/search_32 = 0x7f080145
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f0400ba
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0c0009
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100047
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/search = 0x7f080144
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f0700d3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f10008c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/round6 = 0x7f08013f
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_headline_material = 0x7f0f0010
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/round3 = 0x7f08013c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/round1 = 0x7f08013a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/rotate = 0x7f080138
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/lblFromName = 0x7f060075
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/fill = 0x7f09008e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/refine = 0x7f080135
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f0400c3
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/viewsbg = 0x7f080166
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/recyclerbg = 0x7f080134
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/rectgoogle = 0x7f080133
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f04020a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f04004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ratemenu = 0x7f08012e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1001f2
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/plus = 0x7f080126
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f08000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f04010c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/pass = 0x7f080120
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0a0006
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notificationbg = 0x7f08011a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f0400ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_pasal = 0x7f09007b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/pinMinFont = 0x7f04014e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f080114
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f080111
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/mail = 0x7f0800f7
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0c0029
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/keterangan_satops1 = 0x7f0900a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/buttonPressed = 0x7f060036
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/save_image_matrix = 0x7f090116
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f080110
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/save = 0x7f080142
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f040012
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/no_32 = 0x7f08010c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/tipebg = 0x7f08015b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/news_icon = 0x7f08010b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/body_background = 0x7f06002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f080108
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/design_bottom_navigation_item_background = 0x7f0800a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/message_sent = 0x7f080102
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f07004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/message_delivered = 0x7f0800ff
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f080034
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/mendali_emas_bg = 0x7f0800fb
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_add = 0x7f0f0027
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f10008e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/view_more_bg = 0x7f080165
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/logoutmenu = 0x7f0800f6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/logout = 0x7f0800f5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f100175
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/success_red = 0x7f080155
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/logo_grayscale = 0x7f0800f3
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/logo = 0x7f0800f2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f1000e5
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/logo_grayscale_large = 0x7f0800f4
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/img_produk = 0x7f0800e4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f0400f3
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/paytm_logo = 0x7f080122
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f0700a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f100185
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/login = 0x7f0800f1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f100056
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/listviewicon = 0x7f0800ee
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/list_row_bg_hover = 0x7f0800eb
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/list_item_bg_pressed = 0x7f0800e9
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/cardview_search = 0x7f090041
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/list_item_bg_normal = 0x7f0800e8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f040109
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/indicator_corner_bg = 0x7f0800e5
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/activity_add_laporan_serahterima = 0x7f0c001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/img_btn_play_pressed = 0x7f0800e3
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/img_btn_play = 0x7f0800e2
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/img_border = 0x7f0800df
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/heart_grayscale_32 = 0x7f0800ca
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f0800a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/check = 0x7f080088
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f0800dd
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1001a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/height = 0x7f0400e5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1001b3
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080011
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_back = 0x7f0800d3
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorError = 0x7f04008e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/home = 0x7f0800d0
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/left = 0x7f0900b6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/heartwhite = 0x7f0800cc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/uniform = 0x7f090161
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/heart_orange_32 = 0x7f0800cb
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/helpmenu = 0x7f0800cd
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/groupmenu = 0x7f0800c7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/gridviewicon = 0x7f0800c6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080001
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/layout = 0x7f0900ae
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/menu_text = 0x7f070098
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/menu2 = 0x7f0800fe
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/folder = 0x7f0800c0
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f06003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f100012
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_body_2_material = 0x7f0f0009
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/listdata_nama = 0x7f0f0073
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f09008b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f0700d6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/failed_32 = 0x7f0800bc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/layout_down = 0x7f0900af
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07008d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/f4 = 0x7f0800b9
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/email = 0x7f0800b7
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f070006
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/edit_profile = 0x7f0800b5
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f06000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f080039
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/edit = 0x7f0800b3
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f0400b5
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/drawer_list_background = 0x7f0800b2
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f0400ec
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/down = 0x7f0800b0
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/morehorizontal = 0x7f080106
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f0800ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f07006e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/listview_background_shape = 0x7f0900be
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/card_background = 0x7f08007e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/icon = 0x7f09009b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f07007c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/all = 0x7f09002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080010
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/deliverypackage = 0x7f0800a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/delete_item = 0x7f0800a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f11000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f0700c0
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0700a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/default_32 = 0x7f0800a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f0800d8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/goIcon = 0x7f0400e3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f090068
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/toolbar = 0x7f0600cd
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/data_produk = 0x7f08009f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/data_histori = 0x7f08009c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f10005f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/auto = 0x7f090032
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/data_category = 0x7f08009a
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f11002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg_preorder = 0x7f08006d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/data_cart = 0x7f080099
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f0700c3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_kplp = 0x7f090077
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f100066
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f10009e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f090089
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/informasi_dialog = 0x7f0c0031
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1001bc
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/discountbg = 0x7f0800ae
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080002
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f0700d5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f100183
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/mapicon = 0x7f0800fa
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/curve_shap_up = 0x7f080096
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/cross = 0x7f080094
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0600a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/confirm_red = 0x7f080090
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoCondensed = 0x7f090106
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/city_icon = 0x7f08008a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/checked = 0x7f080089
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f1000e1
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/kirim_laporan = 0x7f0f0070
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/chatting = 0x7f080087
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/changebg = 0x7f080086
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f100163
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/cart = 0x7f080080
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/card_backgrounds = 0x7f08007f
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f0f0000
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/add_32_black = 0x7f08005d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f09001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/capture_32 = 0x7f08007d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f04007e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f10018e
elapor.application.com.elapor:mipmap/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f0e0001
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/call_notifikasi = 0x7f08007c
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/btn_white = 0x7f08007a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f09015b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f040135
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tickMark = 0x7f0401de
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/btn_play = 0x7f080078
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f10019e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/btn_greenonion = 0x7f080074
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f0400a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/boxmenu = 0x7f080072
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/menu = 0x7f0900c3
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg_soldout = 0x7f08006e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f040117
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f070020
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f0400f7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/more_white = 0x7f080105
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg_msg_you = 0x7f08006c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f090117
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg_msg_from = 0x7f08006b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg_intro = 0x7f08006a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/img_btn_pause_pressed = 0x7f0800e1
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg3 = 0x7f080068
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f070035
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/search_black = 0x7f080146
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/belibg = 0x7f080066
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f090126
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg_strok = 0x7f08006f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/arrowupdown = 0x7f08005f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/add = 0x7f08005c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f08005a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f10015a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f080059
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080057
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100068
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080056
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/render_type_text = 0x7f0c0046
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light = 0x7f080054
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f110029
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark = 0x7f080053
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f0401e6
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f060071
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light = 0x7f080050
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f0400bd
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f090007
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f060089
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f04008a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f07002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/nav_setting = 0x7f0900cf
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f080118
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f080045
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/user_icon = 0x7f080163
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/login_title_next_color = 0x7f060080
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080044
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/time = 0x7f090152
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080040
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bg_msg_you = 0x7f060025
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0600a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f08003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/visible = 0x7f090167
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f070094
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f0400bf
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110013
elapor.application.com.elapor:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0b0002
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f08003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0400d0
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f08003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f10012d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f080038
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f0600c8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f080037
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07008f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f08002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f1000e2
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp = 0x7f08002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/PagerIndicatorStyle = 0x7f040000
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f0600a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp = 0x7f080029
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/mini = 0x7f0900c8
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/kplp = 0x7f0900ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080024
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/category_title = 0x7f0f004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100160
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/payu_logo = 0x7f080123
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/filename = 0x7f09008d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080020
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f090133
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f08001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/pager_animation_span = 0x7f040143
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f080019
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f07001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f080013
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/dashboard_title_color = 0x7f06004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1001e4
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f08000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/slider_layout = 0x7f0c004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f08000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/close_32 = 0x7f08008b
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f11002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f08000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f080009
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f090064
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080005
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/userdefault = 0x7f080164
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080003
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/actionstatusbg = 0x7f08005b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f0700ed
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f0400a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/subtitle_shadow_offset = 0x7f0700e0
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/status_booking = 0x7f0f00a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/subtitle_corner_radius = 0x7f0700de
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f100191
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/radiogreen = 0x7f08012c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f0700d1
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080023
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f0700cf
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/actionbar = 0x7f06001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/app_sign_up_desc = 0x7f0f0040
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f04007b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f04006e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_keterangan_rupam = 0x7f090074
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f060015
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/nav_header_vertical_spacing = 0x7f0700cc
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f0700c5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f100000
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f0401b1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/linear_utama = 0x7f0900ba
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_star_black_36dp = 0x7f080027
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f08003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/list_item = 0x7f0900bc
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f0700c1
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f0400db
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0c0025
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/contentPanel = 0x7f090052
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080000
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/list_row_end_color = 0x7f06007c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f08011b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_filename = 0x7f09006e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f0700bd
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f10010b
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f110040
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f07009d
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/counter_text_color = 0x7f06004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100180
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/transition_position = 0x7f09015c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f040154
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f060012
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f0700ba
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f0700b9
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f110008
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f0700b5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f0400af
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700b2
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0700b1
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/menu_utama_title = 0x7f0f007f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/visamenu = 0x7f080167
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f08015e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/background = 0x7f040034
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/location_icon = 0x7f0800ef
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f040046
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f0700af
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1001bd
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f07004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0600bf
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_display_2_material = 0x7f0f000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f0700a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_drawer = 0x7f0800d6
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f100182
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/stop_record = 0x7f080152
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0700a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f10006d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/success = 0x7f080153
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/unselected_padding_right = 0x7f0401ff
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/default_center_top_left_indicator = 0x7f09005f
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f0700d7
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioDariPiketMalam = 0x7f0900e6
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f100007
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f0700a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f040146
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/platinum = 0x7f0600af
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f0700a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0600c4
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0700a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f10013d
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/search_kategori = 0x7f0f009a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/top = 0x7f090157
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f0700c7
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1001ae
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f07009f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f100170
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020007
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f07009e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/icon = 0x7f0400f2
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f07009c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_nilai_rata_rata = 0x7f0f005a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f040078
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080041
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f07009b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/home1 = 0x7f0800d1
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/menucat_imgtopmargin = 0x7f07009a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f090151
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/menu_layoutpading = 0x7f070096
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f070095
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f060099
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/item_margin_half = 0x7f070092
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bot_bar_bg = 0x7f080071
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_nama = 0x7f090078
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07008c
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f060016
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f07008a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f070069
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f080014
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f070088
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/list_row_selector = 0x7f0800ec
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f1001aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f070086
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f100095
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f1001a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f0800ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/cartnumberbg = 0x7f080082
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f070082
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f1000f2
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f070081
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f070080
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_keterangan = 0x7f090070
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f07007e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f07007b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f100104
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1000a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f04018e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f07007a
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0027
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f1000fa
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f0401d1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100179
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f070079
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f0401ef
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f070078
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f070077
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f070076
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f070073
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070070
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f07006c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f07006a
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0a0001
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f070008
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/round5 = 0x7f08013e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/title = 0x7f0401e4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f10009f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f100145
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f070068
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f0f0004
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f070067
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/end = 0x7f090086
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f080117
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f070065
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f060030
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/mendali_perunggu_bg = 0x7f0800fd
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f070021
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f070063
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f070062
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/back = 0x7f090033
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f070061
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f1001ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f08004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f070060
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f07005b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f100158
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f070058
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/helperText = 0x7f0400e6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/mendali_perak_bg = 0x7f0800fc
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f070056
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f070055
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f070054
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f040092
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070051
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100048
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f040079
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/activity_vertical_margin = 0x7f07004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f070045
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/right_icon = 0x7f0900fe
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/message_read = 0x7f080100
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f070044
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f070034
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f110010
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f070041
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_menu_material = 0x7f0f0011
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f070040
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/white = 0x7f0600d1
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f07003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/search_setup_ujian = 0x7f0f009d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f070037
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f090123
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f070033
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/btnCapture = 0x7f090039
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f080046
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f10017f
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f07002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020008
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1000d5
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f0800a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f04011b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f07002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f070029
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f0401f1
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f07005c
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f11002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f07001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/list_dialog_title = 0x7f0f0071
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/categorymenu = 0x7f080084
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f07001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/wallet = 0x7f080169
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/menu_sertifikat_title = 0x7f0f007e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0700ae
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f1000df
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f0700b4
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/src_in = 0x7f090139
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/global_color_green_accent = 0x7f060068
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f07001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f100065
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/background_material_light = 0x7f060020
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/textStart = 0x7f09014b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/plusminus = 0x7f080127
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_rssa = 0x7f090080
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/coordinator = 0x7f090053
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/search_title = 0x7f0f009e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f070016
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10006c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070013
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060033
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f07000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/unselected_color = 0x7f0401fa
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f0401d2
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f070004
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f1000da
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/rectfb = 0x7f080132
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_home = 0x7f0800d7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/keylines = 0x7f04010d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f070000
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700b3
elapor.application.com.elapor:bool/abc_allow_stacked_button_bar = 0x7f050001
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/special_price = 0x7f0600c2
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f04012b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_keterangan_perawat = 0x7f090073
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/categoriesbg1 = 0x7f080083
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/dijualbg = 0x7f0800ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0700bc
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f0600bb
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f100021
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f040137
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f0600b2
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f040112
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f0600c6
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/blocking = 0x7f090036
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f0401b5
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f0600a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f060095
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f06009f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1000b4
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f06009a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f040166
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f060098
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f04000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f0600cf
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1000d6
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f060097
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f060094
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f04011c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f040179
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070090
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f060038
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/thickness = 0x7f0401d6
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f06009c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1001c3
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f070024
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f040069
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f0400be
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f0401a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f060093
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f060091
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070050
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/red_sober = 0x7f0600ba
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f06008c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/forever = 0x7f090093
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_grade = 0x7f0f0052
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/btn_ok = 0x7f09003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f040036
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/login_sign_in = 0x7f0f0078
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f040103
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f06003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/Background2Foreground = 0x7f090002
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_image = 0x7f090022
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f060085
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f0600ce
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0600a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/map_markermenu = 0x7f0800f8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f040157
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f060084
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/btn_pause = 0x7f080077
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070075
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f060081
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/search_bar = 0x7f090121
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioKepadaReguC = 0x7f0900f7
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/list_row_start_color = 0x7f06007f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/lightblue = 0x7f060077
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tickInterval = 0x7f0401dd
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/light_green = 0x7f060076
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_padding_end = 0x7f0700c6
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f0600b3
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f1001dc
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f060096
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/iconcolor = 0x7f060073
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_error = 0x7f060051
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/grrenonion = 0x7f060070
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1000c4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f040104
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/custom = 0x7f090054
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f0600b0
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f04009d
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/goose_gray = 0x7f06006e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/genre = 0x7f060067
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f0700ec
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f0f008d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0700e7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/data_checkout = 0x7f08009b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f060056
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f10002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1001bf
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060065
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/main_animation_controller = 0x7f010012
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f060063
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f04009e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070083
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0400d2
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/droverbackground1 = 0x7f060061
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/folder_column_width = 0x7f070089
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070084
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/divider = 0x7f06005f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f060019
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f060058
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/parentPanel = 0x7f0900dc
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06005d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/src_atop = 0x7f090138
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/kirimpesanbg = 0x7f0800e6
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1000c7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f040186
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f070048
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/action_delete = 0x7f0f0028
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/save_32 = 0x7f080143
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f11002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f0401ed
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/round4 = 0x7f08013d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/status_bar_latest_event_content = 0x7f09013c
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f060053
elapor.application.com.elapor:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f050002
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2.Media = 0x7f100122
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/droverbackground = 0x7f060060
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/input_pin_label = 0x7f0f006b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080043
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f06004f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/counter_text_bg = 0x7f060049
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f080035
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/colordevider = 0x7f060046
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/colorbutton = 0x7f060045
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f040072
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f0401aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1000a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f110004
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/track = 0x7f0401f5
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f0600a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0032
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/buttonStroke = 0x7f060037
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioKepadaReguA = 0x7f0900f5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f0401a8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f0401c7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/reload = 0x7f080137
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f060031
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0c0047
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/unselected_padding_top = 0x7f040200
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f06002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/user = 0x7f080161
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/connectingLineWeight = 0x7f040095
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/heart_32 = 0x7f0800c9
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/boticon = 0x7f06002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/message_received = 0x7f080101
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/kirim = 0x7f0f006f
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f01000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/warning_red = 0x7f08016a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/gallery = 0x7f0800c4
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/nama_club = 0x7f0f0083
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/blue_light_holo = 0x7f060029
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020004
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/frame_container = 0x7f090094
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selected_width = 0x7f040173
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f040125
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/satops1 = 0x7f090113
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bg_msg_input = 0x7f060024
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/food = 0x7f0800c2
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/textsub = 0x7f0700e4
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0700b0
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f0700d4
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bg_msg_from = 0x7f060023
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bg_btn_join = 0x7f060022
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070014
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0c0005
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bg = 0x7f060021
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f100114
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/text_msg_input = 0x7f0600cb
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f1001ef
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f06001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f0700b8
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f0700ce
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070028
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/rssa = 0x7f090110
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f06001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/btn_blue = 0x7f080073
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f06001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1001cc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/Foreground2Background = 0x7f09000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/list_row_bg = 0x7f0800ea
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f080021
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f09014f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f06001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f0f0024
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f060018
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10017a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1000ba
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f060017
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f100033
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AppTheme = 0x7f100009
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/line3 = 0x7f0900b9
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/jenis_pelanggaran = 0x7f0900a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/popupbg = 0x7f080128
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f060010
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_input_method_navigation_guard = 0x7f060009
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f04016b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f040187
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/cancel_action = 0x7f090040
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060008
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0c0003
elapor.application.com.elapor:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0003
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/FlipPage = 0x7f09000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f060003
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/pesan_singkat = 0x7f080124
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0600a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/White = 0x7f060001
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light = 0x7f080052
elapor.application.com.elapor:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f050003
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f060083
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f070093
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f10015d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/spacing = 0x7f0700dd
elapor.application.com.elapor:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f050000
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f040071
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f04020f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1001a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/nama = 0x7f0f0082
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/data_wishlist = 0x7f0800a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/activity_add_laporan_pelanggaran = 0x7f0c001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020009
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/pin = 0x7f0900e2
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f040065
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f060044
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f110002
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f100176
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f0700a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f04020d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f040116
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1000a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/save_scale_type = 0x7f090118
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f04020c
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/textSub = 0x7f0600ca
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/profile = 0x7f08012a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07006f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1000a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_bottom_nav_colored_item_tint = 0x7f06008e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tickColor = 0x7f0401da
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f040208
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f090025
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/visibility = 0x7f040204
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0600c5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f040207
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_keterangan_kplp = 0x7f090071
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/year = 0x7f0600d2
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/drawerPane = 0x7f09006a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f0401ae
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f040206
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1000fe
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/power_24 = 0x7f080129
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f070007
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1000bb
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f060013
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f100126
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f0700b6
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f1001c9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f040108
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/unselected_width = 0x7f040201
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/unselected_padding_bottom = 0x7f0401fd
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f1001e1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1000b8
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/chkbox_kplp = 0x7f090046
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/FlipHorizontal = 0x7f090009
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f10009b
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f08002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f04006d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f040161
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0400d3
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/carbon_gray = 0x7f06003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f070010
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f0401f8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f0401a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/trackTint = 0x7f0401f6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f04002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f060004
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tintMode = 0x7f0401e3
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/strok = 0x7f0600c3
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f0401f3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/italic = 0x7f0900a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f040128
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0600bd
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f0401f2
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/global_color_green_control_activated = 0x7f060069
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070027
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/black = 0x7f060027
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f10016c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/message = 0x7f0900c6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f0401ec
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/scrollView = 0x7f09011d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f0700d8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f0401e9
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0600c0
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/adress = 0x7f08005e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f080033
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/divider = 0x7f0400b0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f10005e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f0401e7
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/up = 0x7f090163
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/lin_setting = 0x7f0900b7
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f110047
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/line = 0x7f0800e7
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0c002c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/subtitle_outline_width = 0x7f0700df
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/dashboard_title_next_color = 0x7f06004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f040007
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f0401c4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tint = 0x7f0401e2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f1001a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0c0042
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f040017
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f0401f4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tickStart = 0x7f0401e1
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070015
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f0400c4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f0401e0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f100010
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f040043
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f060082
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f0401d8
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/parallax = 0x7f0900db
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/unselected_height = 0x7f0401fc
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f040002
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f040127
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/buttonNormalEnd = 0x7f060034
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f07003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f0401d4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f040130
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f040067
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f070018
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f0401bf
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f04019d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f0400d8
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/colorhint = 0x7f060047
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f0400df
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f0401d9
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f080049
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textColor = 0x7f0401cf
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f0401ce
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f080061
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f0f0025
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f0401bd
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0c0018
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f04000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f040105
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f0401cc
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f0401cb
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f04009a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/daimajia_indicator_wrapper = 0x7f090056
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f0401ca
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f040169
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f0401c8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/img_btn_pause = 0x7f0800e0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f100146
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f080018
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f040055
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f0401c6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f0401c5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f0400c7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f0401c3
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f0401f0
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/temporaryPins = 0x7f0401b8
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f060006
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06005c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f0401c1
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f090018
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f100076
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/tanggal = 0x7f0f00a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f070066
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fabSize = 0x7f0400ce
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f100159
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f0400bc
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f0401bc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f09004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/ALT = 0x7f090000
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f100132
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/elevation = 0x7f0400bb
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_star_black_16dp = 0x7f080026
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f040021
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f0401d7
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/bantuan_detail = 0x7f0f0044
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f08000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f07005a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout = 0x7f040110
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/text = 0x7f0700e2
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/histori_pinjam_title = 0x7f0f006a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f0401bb
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f070005
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_container = 0x7f09001e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/category_textcolour = 0x7f06003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0c002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f0401b9
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/scroll_sidemenu = 0x7f09011e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f070022
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f040168
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f060014
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f0401b7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f0401b6
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f100117
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f04008f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f0401b4
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/groups_pejelasan_group = 0x7f0f0067
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/wishlistbg = 0x7f08016d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f0401b2
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f070011
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f040209
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070053
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060052
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f04015f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/transition_transform = 0x7f09015e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f06000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f0401b0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f10019c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f0401af
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/periksa_koneksi = 0x7f0f0091
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f0401ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabMode = 0x7f0401ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/settingsmenu = 0x7f08014a
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f110007
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f100141
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f06000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/desc_list_item_icon = 0x7f0f004f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f0401a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/queryHint = 0x7f040159
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f070001
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080030
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f070047
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f040149
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time.Media = 0x7f100125
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f0401a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/padding_top = 0x7f040141
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/layout_ket_satops1 = 0x7f0900b4
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f07000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f0401b3
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f04011d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f040184
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f100072
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f04007d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f0401a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/historymenu = 0x7f0800cf
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f0401a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1000c6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/disewabg = 0x7f0800af
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f08003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f070064
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/title_template = 0x7f090155
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/frame = 0x7f0800c3
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_kyorugi = 0x7f0f0057
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f04019b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f040198
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f08004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f040196
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f07003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextViewAppearance = 0x7f100142
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/buttonNormalStart = 0x7f060035
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_no_registrasi = 0x7f0f005b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/subtitle = 0x7f040195
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f06000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f04018c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f040194
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/histori_shopping = 0x7f0800ce
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f100198
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f090154
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f0700d0
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0c0048
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f04018f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f040106
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f04018b
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f070043
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f040183
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0021
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f070026
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/spinBars = 0x7f040182
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/spanCount = 0x7f040181
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/guard = 0x7f0800c8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f040180
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f04017e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f070009
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/yellow_sober = 0x7f0600d4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000d0
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/global_color_green_primary = 0x7f06006a
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/fragment_serahterima = 0x7f0c002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f040177
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/user_profil = 0x7f0f00ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f07000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/iconcolour = 0x7f060074
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f0401ba
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/edit_32 = 0x7f0800b4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/shape = 0x7f040176
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioKepadaReguD = 0x7f0900f8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f040175
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f100192
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/fav1 = 0x7f0800bd
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/data_pembayaran = 0x7f08009e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f07004f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f0400d9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f0400ee
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f07003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f04019e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f06008a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f040199
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f0700ca
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selected_padding_right = 0x7f040171
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0020
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selected_padding_left = 0x7f040170
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/menu_member_title = 0x7f0f007c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/app_lupa_password_desc = 0x7f0f003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selected_drawable = 0x7f04016d
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f0700da
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f0600b1
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/list_row_hover_end_color = 0x7f06007d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f0401be
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f040044
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f0400e8
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/daimajia_slider_image = 0x7f090057
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f040051
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f04016a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f040165
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f040160
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f09008c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/rangeBarColor = 0x7f04015c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_jenis_pelanggaran = 0x7f09006f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10006a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f04015a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100150
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/unselected_drawable = 0x7f0401fb
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/play_button = 0x7f080125
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom = 0x7f0c003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f040155
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f0401f7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expanded = 0x7f0400c1
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f040193
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f0400ef
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selected_height = 0x7f04016e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f1000f9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f1000e4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1000b3
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f0400f1
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f04004f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f100074
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f040152
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/pinPadding = 0x7f04014f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f100196
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/activity_detail_member_title = 0x7f0f0031
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/stuckShadowDrawable = 0x7f040191
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f08010a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f0400b2
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07008b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f04005b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/drawer_layout = 0x7f09006b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f04014a
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/cattextcolour = 0x7f060040
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f040147
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f040145
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/invisible = 0x7f0900a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f040129
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f04013c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f0400f9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/color = 0x7f040087
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/activity_horizontal_margin = 0x7f07004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/purple = 0x7f0600b8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f040098
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100178
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_divider = 0x7f090020
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f040138
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f070049
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f040139
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f0401d0
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/MaterialComponentsTheme = 0x7f11002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0007
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f040134
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f040158
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f040018
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/colortext = 0x7f060048
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f040006
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f040133
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0013
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f040131
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f07007f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/menu = 0x7f040132
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_bottom_offset = 0x7f0700c2
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/padding_left = 0x7f04013f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/electronic = 0x7f0800b6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f0401eb
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060007
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f110023
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/shopping_bag = 0x7f08014d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/font = 0x7f0400d6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f040063
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f0400c9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f1001de
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f04012f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f06009e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bglist = 0x7f060026
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f070032
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f100070
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f100018
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/msg_border_color = 0x7f06008d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f040041
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/default_bottom_left_indicator = 0x7f09005b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f09011c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/picture_column_width = 0x7f0700dc
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0c0012
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f04005f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f040107
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f04012d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f04007c
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_bottom_nav_item_tint = 0x7f06008f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/customPanel = 0x7f090055
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/list_background = 0x7f060078
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/cranbery = 0x7f06004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100075
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0600b5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1001c7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f040126
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/up = 0x7f080160
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/closestatusbg = 0x7f08008d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/indicator_visibility = 0x7f0400fd
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/theme = 0x7f0401d5
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f07000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f04017c
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_keterangan_p2u = 0x7f090072
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f040124
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f0400ea
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1000b1
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_media_action = 0x7f0c0036
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f040123
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listLayout = 0x7f040122
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f04020b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f040066
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f1000e7
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f090027
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f110019
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f040077
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f0600a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f090090
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f0401a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_satops2 = 0x7f090084
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f04011f
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f07000d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/f0 = 0x7f0800b8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/typeface = 0x7f0401f9
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f060086
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f060005
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f11003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bg_grosir = 0x7f080069
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f0700ea
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/btn_close = 0x7f09003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f04009c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f04004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/cart_32 = 0x7f080081
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f040119
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f040073
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f110049
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f040118
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f040115
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0018
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f090132
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f04009f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f040008
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f040144
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f08004c
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1000b6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f04010b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f1001d1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f10018a
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f06000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0a0000
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/paypal = 0x7f080121
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f07004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10004f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f0401c9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f10008a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f04017f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/colorAccent = 0x7f060042
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f0700d2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f100090
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f060087
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f040136
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f070039
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f040102
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07008e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tickEnd = 0x7f0401db
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f0400fc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f09004f
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f07003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_sabuk = 0x7f0f005e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f040057
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f0400f4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f0400a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f04008d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f04010e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f040088
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_rsud = 0x7f090081
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f0600a1
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f04004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040013
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f06004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f0400f0
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f040093
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f0600bc
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f0400e9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f10014c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f0400ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f04011e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100057
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f04003f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/stuckShadowHeight = 0x7f040192
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f040089
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f04013a
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0600b7
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f100028
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f04005d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f040052
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f040027
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f040085
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f060088
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f0400b6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f0400e1
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f06009b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f0400de
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/unselected_padding_left = 0x7f0401fe
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f10011d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/download_pdf = 0x7f0800b1
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f10012f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/chkbox_rupam = 0x7f090049
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selected_padding_top = 0x7f040172
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f0400dc
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/labeled = 0x7f0900ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f0401c2
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f0400d7
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/server_status_bar = 0x7f0600c1
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/more = 0x7f080104
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f04019f
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1001d4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f0400da
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0400d5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f0400dd
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/fade = 0x7f010011
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_search = 0x7f0800de
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0400d1
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f0400cd
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f040162
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f0400cc
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f04004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f04005e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f100027
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/signup = 0x7f0f00a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/padding_bottom = 0x7f04013e
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f100054
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/cloud_gray = 0x7f060041
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/round2 = 0x7f08013b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0400c8
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/minus = 0x7f080103
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f04000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f0400b9
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f0800dc
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020006
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f040064
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f0400c5
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/CubeIn = 0x7f090004
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f080017
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f04001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/title_gray = 0x7f0600cc
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f080115
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f0401ee
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f0400c0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f10000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070012
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f10010c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f040075
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f040030
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/menu_kukkiwon_title = 0x7f0f007b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selected_padding_bottom = 0x7f04016f
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_big_media_custom = 0x7f0c0039
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioSimpanSebagaiJpg = 0x7f0900f9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f0400a9
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f10003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f040190
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1001fb
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f040076
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f040113
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0400b7
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/keterangan_perawat = 0x7f0900a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f040082
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f040121
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f0400a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f04003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f04015e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/txtFromCamera = 0x7f09015f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f04000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f040100
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_display_3_material = 0x7f0f000e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f040045
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f0400b4
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/lokasi_title = 0x7f0f007a
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/item_margin = 0x7f070091
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f040035
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/keterangan_p2u = 0x7f0900a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f070059
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f0400b3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/smallLabel = 0x7f090131
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f040050
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/ZoomIn = 0x7f090013
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f0400b1
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f0400e7
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f06005b
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info.Media = 0x7f100120
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f0400aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f040015
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f110035
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0c0004
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/chkbox_p2u = 0x7f090047
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f04018d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f0401d3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/default_bottom_right_indicator = 0x7f09005c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/selected_color = 0x7f04016c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f040070
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f0400a3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f0900d5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f0400a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/showHome = 0x7f09012f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f08002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f040025
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f100108
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100069
elapor.application.com.elapor:array/nav_drawer_icons = 0x7f030000
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f070071
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f100124
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f04020e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/text = 0x7f090147
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f040009
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/toolbar = 0x7f0c004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/banner = 0x7f080065
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f040042
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/rangeBar = 0x7f04015b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/content = 0x7f090051
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f04009b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/iconTint = 0x7f0400f8
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f07005e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f040004
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f04001f
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/input_pin_submit = 0x7f0f006c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f040097
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/chkbox_satops1 = 0x7f09004a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f040163
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f040091
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/useLogo = 0x7f090165
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/SHIFT = 0x7f09000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f04006b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/layout_ket_satops2 = 0x7f0900b5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f040090
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f010010
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080058
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f040054
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f100061
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080016
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notif_red = 0x7f08010e
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060032
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/iconSize = 0x7f0400f6
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f080113
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f0401ea
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/yellow = 0x7f0600d3
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/icon_group = 0x7f09009c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/alpha = 0x7f040029
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/old_price = 0x7f0600ac
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/pager_animation = 0x7f040142
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f10010a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1000fb
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f0400e4
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/disableHome = 0x7f090069
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f06001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1000ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f04019a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f04008b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f0600c9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f04001c
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/tempat_tanggal_lahir = 0x7f0f00aa
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f0400fa
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10004b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_tint_password_toggle = 0x7f06005a
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/detail_hasil_ujian = 0x7f0f0053
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080022
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f040037
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f040202
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f040086
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/giftbox = 0x7f0800c5
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f1001b6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f0400a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f1000cf
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0014
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f070002
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tab = 0x7f10013e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/showTitle = 0x7f04017b
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f060066
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/description_layout = 0x7f090063
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080055
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f040014
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f070036
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f100130
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f040083
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f0700d9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f040061
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f040188
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f0400d4
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f040081
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f090019
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f040099
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/pinRadius = 0x7f040150
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/pinColor = 0x7f04014c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f04002f
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0c000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_category = 0x7f0800d4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1001d9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f0400ff
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioDariPiketPagi = 0x7f0900e7
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/drovercolour = 0x7f060062
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f0400e2
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/Tex = 0x7f060000
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_body_1_material = 0x7f0f0008
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/menu_textpading = 0x7f070099
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/splash_animation_controller = 0x7f010013
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f040026
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f080047
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/auto_cycle = 0x7f040033
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f04008c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f040080
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f100174
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f04006f
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0c0001
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f08001b
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/batal = 0x7f0f0045
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f040059
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f100102
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ongkos_kirim = 0x7f08011d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1001a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/green = 0x7f06006f
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f0700c8
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f1000ca
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/app_title = 0x7f0f0041
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f040003
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f04010a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f1000f0
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/ghost_view = 0x7f090095
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f07005d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f1000ff
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/list_divider = 0x7f06007a
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f06005e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f040151
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f0400c6
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f100144
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f0400a0
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f04005a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/perawat = 0x7f0900df
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f04000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/body_background_green = 0x7f06002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f040005
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f0401a7
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080007
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f100019
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f04006a
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/Default = 0x7f090005
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1001a4
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10014e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f04006c
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0700bb
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f040203
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1001d5
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/robotoLightItalic = 0x7f09010a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/SliderStyle = 0x7f040001
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f110045
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f0f0022
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f040068
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f04005c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/connectingLineColor = 0x7f040094
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/mtrl_snackbar_background = 0x7f080107
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f07000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f080006
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f04012c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/notif_32 = 0x7f08010d
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0600b6
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f1001e5
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f070025
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f10015e
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/nol = 0x7f0f008a
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f04007a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f100014
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f040084
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/denda = 0x7f0800a6
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f060092
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/touch_outside = 0x7f090159
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/list_background_pressed = 0x7f060079
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f04010f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f0400ad
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f0900d6
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/padding_right = 0x7f040140
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f100121
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/coba_lagi = 0x7f0f004d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f040060
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/bagnumberbg = 0x7f080064
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/roundrect = 0x7f080141
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/submit_area = 0x7f09013f
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f060002
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f0400eb
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/timeView = 0x7f0f00ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f06003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f040058
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060050
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f110037
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f100022
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/fab_margin = 0x7f070085
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/signup_upload = 0x7f0f00a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f040056
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/singleLine = 0x7f04017d
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/pertanian_ngajum = 0x7f0900e0
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f04004e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/list_selector = 0x7f0800ed
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1001da
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f040096
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/right = 0x7f0900fd
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/custom_background = 0x7f080097
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f040167
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f0401df
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100085
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f0900dd
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f0800db
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f04003c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f04011a
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f060059
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f10003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f0401c0
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/META = 0x7f09000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/locationpin = 0x7f0800f0
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/app_name = 0x7f0f003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f040049
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f040047
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/texttitle = 0x7f0700e5
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/showDividers = 0x7f040178
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f04012e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f040010
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/global_color_green_primary_light = 0x7f06006c
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark = 0x7f080051
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/abc_font_family_display_4_material = 0x7f0f000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f0401a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f080036
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f040032
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f040111
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_download_pdf = 0x7f090021
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100164
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f04002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f04003d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/texview_design = 0x7f080159
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f040148
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f04013d
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f080042
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f040153
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f04003b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/wrap_content = 0x7f090169
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/delete = 0x7f090061
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f040120
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f0400ae
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/edit_pertanian_ngajum = 0x7f09007d
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/attachment = 0x7f080060
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f04002b
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f0401e8
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f0400c2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f100112
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f060072
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/narapidana = 0x7f0900ce
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tickHeight = 0x7f0401dc
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/curve_shap_down = 0x7f080095
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f040020
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f070003
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f0401ab
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f10015f
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/p2u = 0x7f0900da
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f04001d
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f0400f5
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f110031
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/barWeight = 0x7f04003a
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/fragment_pelanggaran = 0x7f0c002e
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f080062
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080048
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f0400e0
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f090043
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark = 0x7f08004f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f0401cd
elapor.application.com.elapor:array/nav_drawer_items = 0x7f030001
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f040185
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f040016
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f100053
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/radioDariPiketSiang = 0x7f0900e8
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f07002a
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f060064
elapor.application.com.elapor:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020003
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_search = 0x7f090028
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f0800d9
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f060011
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f040062
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f0400cf
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f11003e
elapor.application.com.elapor:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f110005
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f1000de
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/alpha_translate = 0x7f01000c
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f040028
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f06000a
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1001ba
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f040205
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f040048
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01000f
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f040164
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f040019
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100059
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AndroidImageSlider_Corner_Oval_Orange = 0x7f100003
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f04002d
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1001df
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f0400a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f080012
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100051
elapor.application.com.elapor:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f0f008e
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f04001a
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0600be
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10016e
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0900a2
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextViewAppearance.Headline2 = 0x7f100143
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/mywalletmenu = 0x7f080109
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/orange = 0x7f0600ae
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/sync = 0x7f080156
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0700bf
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f100100
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f040053
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f040114
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f0700a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f090098
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/clothes = 0x7f08008e
elapor.application.com.elapor:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f0700e9
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f040011
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f04014b
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/DepthPage = 0x7f090006
elapor.application.com.elapor:drawable/blankicon = 0x7f080070
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f100029
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f040040
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/action_bar = 0x7f090017
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/water = 0x7f0600d0
elapor.application.com.elapor:style/AndroidImageSlider_Attractive_Rect_Blue = 0x7f100002
elapor.application.com.elapor:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0c0041
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f0600a5
elapor.application.com.elapor:color/colorPrimary = 0x7f060043
elapor.application.com.elapor:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f040038
elapor.application.com.elapor:id/description = 0x7f090062
elapor.application.com.elapor:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
